README.template.md, before:

# {{pkgName}}

[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docs-read-%23fdf9f5)](https://{{author}}.github.io/{{repoName}})
[![Build Status](https://github.com/{{author}}/{{repoName}}/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/{{author}}/{{repoName}}/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![npm-version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/{{pkgName}}.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/{{pkgName}})
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coverallsCoverage/github/{{author}}/{{repoName}})](https://coveralls.io/github/{{author}}/{{repoName}})
[![minified-size](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/{{pkgName}})](https://bundlephobia.com/package/{{pkgName}})

{{description}}

## Install

```
npm add {{pkgName}}
```

## Development

### Publish New Version

You can use [npm version](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v10/commands/npm-version) to bump version.

```
npm version patch
```

Push the tag to remote and CI will publish the new version to npm.

```
git push --follow-tags
```

### CI Auto Publish

If you want to publish the package in CI, you need to set the `NPM_TOKEN` secrets [in GitHub repository settings](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-for-github-actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions#creating-secrets-for-a-repository). See how to [create a NPM access token](https://docs.npmjs.com/creating-and-viewing-access-tokens).

Commit message:

docs: update readme about ci publishing

README.template.md, after:

# {{pkgName}}

[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docs-read-%23fdf9f5)](https://{{author}}.github.io/{{repoName}})
[![Build Status](https://github.com/{{author}}/{{repoName}}/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/{{author}}/{{repoName}}/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![npm-version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/{{pkgName}}.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/{{pkgName}})
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coverallsCoverage/github/{{author}}/{{repoName}})](https://coveralls.io/github/{{author}}/{{repoName}})
[![minified-size](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/{{pkgName}})](https://bundlephobia.com/package/{{pkgName}})

{{description}}

## Install

```
npm add {{pkgName}}
```

## Development

### Publish New Version

You can use [npm version](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v10/commands/npm-version) to bump version.

```
npm version patch
```

Push the tag to remote and CI will publish the new version to npm.

```
git push --follow-tags
```

### CI Auto Publish

If you want to publish the package in CI, you need to enable [trusted publishing](https://docs.npmjs.com/trusted-publishers) in npmjs.com. However, the [settings page](https://www.npmjs.com/package/{{pkgName}}/access) is only visible when the package already exists. So you will have to publish the package manually for the first time.
